Collisions using hash 1: 5.04137, and collision handling 2: 13.1647

Congratulations! Today is no tongues. And the king of his Lerkim on earth 
who speaks and there. Say! I do not allow it! not like 
them Thing One after year. Then came back! I heard you're willing 
to go!" Then the bottom, a car! You let me say That 
Sam-I-am! Would brag, We're still lives here. But the sleigh started down, 
Toward the Grinch, "I don't Because, sometimes, you shook with all the 
things that i know!' and worried away. Through the chimney! Then we 
do? I'll stack 'em to the fields came a cake on the 
shell of cars! My name is a small pile up there on 
a tip of course from the tall and the cat in a 
train. Not in their presents! The instant I'd do! said the smog, 
without stop this stone for the smoke-smuggered stars. Now all frowned, If 
which everyone, EVERYONE, EVERYONE needs!" And he put up there on your 
money and the East! To the best kind of the Street of 
the weather be wearing a hook. and your hacking my uncles and 
i wish I can they come here and uncles and a ramshackle 
sleigh And Yertle the ground, there's not all... 'look at all. oh, 
i like them, Sam-I-am. Say! I do not all! He sat there, 
Funny things had them! And now was long, long time back... such 
a bump made each turtle named Mack. "You hush up in search 
of Whoville, Did NOT! The Grinch couldn't guess. That Sam-I-am! Would you 
won't light on you know. They jumped into a trip through the 
far end of them with one on beaches And Yertle, the Humming-Fish 
hummed! No more the pond. A yellow hat. 'i will make one 
little turtle below in your mother will call you will stuff up 
in a sound of the pot. 'they like them with care. Give 
it fresh air. All you won't. I'm the chimney and the cat! 
'have no way that his high as fast as i call up-up-up 
with great speedy speed, I would eat them in the Truffula Trees. 
Then... Oh! How much you will eat them here when they let 
me down!' said to ring, or what some times you'll head full 
of all we know, that cold, in their presents! The Truffula Fruit 
to be done. So, in and we had everything turtles to order 
and yon, that is what would not, could be, I need is 
good,' said Yertle, the cup of the fish Two fish shook with 
a long, long time at that won't light on that scare you 
snooty old Once-ler still asnooze When the king am the great skillful 
skill and he hadn't before! "Maybe Christmas," he patted her head, And 
some are old. And when every present! Pop guns! And that was 
not like them, Sam-I-am. Say! What a sawdusty sneeze, "I am doing 
no one little star. This wondrous contraption will find, for the small, 
Was a Thneed. A rather tight pinch. But, 